---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

Project

My project log
---


**[March 3, 2020]** -- Shania, Michelle, Chishing, and I formed a team, and we chose [Gatsby](https://github.com/gatsbyjs) as our project. Since I did my first project evaluation based on Gatsby, it was easy for me to share couple pros and cons of this project to my teammates. However, we then realized that another team also picked Gatsby as their project. When we look at the [good first issue](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/labels/good%20first%20issue) for Gatsby, we saw that there aren’t that many of good first issue left opened. As a result, we chose to [TEAMMATES](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates) as our project since it was our backup plan. The instructions on how to install the development environment for TEAMMATES are self-explanatory, so we all had it installed successfully.


**[March 5, 2020]** -- Before the day of class, Shania took a closer look at [TEAMMATES](https://github.com/TEAMMATES/teammates) repo, and she realized that the project is mostly written in a tech stack that we're all unfamiliar with. Under the time pressure, we created a google document, where we planned to evaluate couple new projects and finalize our project choice. I was impressed by the mini project evaluate chart that Shania and Michelle created. It was well-organized: the criteria were breaking down into bullet points, and links of essential files were also included next each project name. It's concise, but it's straight to the point. 


**[March 7, 2020]** -- After couple rounds of selection, we chose [Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/) as our project. We’ve all tried to install the project on Saturday night. It was my first time installing an open source project from github, and I was somewhere lost, but at the same time I think I'm on the right track. Couple of us were stuck on the errors. We basically talked about the errors that were shown, shared our screen shots of the terminals, and discussed some possible solutions on our group chat to help each other out. One of the reasons of why we pick Next.js as our project is that it has tons of [good first issues](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/labels/good%20first%20issue). I guess my next step is to familiarize with the project by looking closer at the repo, then look for a suitable and understandable issue to work on. 


**[March 8, 2020]** -- My teammates and I all got a chance to run and test the project. Basically, we all have to type "yarn testonly" on our terminals. Since the testing process was very long, we all waited hours for the first test to be done. Last night, I waited around 40 minutes, and I ran out of patience, so I pressed control + Z to end the test. Today, I chose not to look at my laptop screen while it's running, so it took approximately another 40 minutes to finish executing. Michelle also waited around 1 hour, Shania took around 2 hours, and Chishing waited 4 hours.

Below is my test result:

Test Suites: 61 failed, 96 passed, 157 total
Tests:       479 failed, 4 skipped, 1357 passed, 1840 total
Snapshots:   118 passed, 118 total
Time:        3039.618s
Ran all test suites.
Jest did not exit one second after the test run has completed.

This usually means that there are asynchronous operations that weren't stopped in your tests. Consider running Jest with `--detectOpenHandles` to troubleshoot this issue.


Other Activities
---

We went through couple tests or examples on how to use Next.js. As I was installing the project, I also started the tutorials on [how to use Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/getting-started). It was pretty fun and interesting. 

[Next.js](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/) uses JavaScript as its main programming language, and I have never used JavaScript in my life. I have always wanted to learn this language, and I think this is a great opportunity to do so. From this project activity, I have couple resources to learn from, teammates to ask questions, and a big project to refer back to. Shania shared with me her resource on learning JavaScript, and I'll be looking at them starting next week. 




