---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Searching for Open Source Project
---

**2048**

I'm interested in game design, so I looked up "open source project game" in the browser. I saw [2048](https://github.com/gabrielecirulli/2048/pulse) as one of the choices. I've played this game on my phone before, so I continued looking at its repository. It has README, License, Contributing, but it doesn't have a Code of conduct. I looked through the issue tracker, there are issues that were still opened since 2014. The most recent closed issue happened in 2018. There are two pull requests in the last month, and that was the most recent activity shown in "Insights". At this point, I can tell that it's has an inactive community. The installation of this game is simple, but the code itself was updated 6 years ago. 


**Codezilla**

After looking at [project suggestions created by Professor Steward Weiss](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/class-wiki/wiki/project-suggestions), I clicked on [Codezilla](https://github.com/Asiatik/codezilla). First of all, it has all the project documents: code of conduct, contributing, license, and README. It uses C++ as one of its main programming language, which is a language that I know the best. When I look through the issue tracker, people lost their habits on putting tags next to the issue. Many issues didn't have a specific description, and some didn't even have a description. Someone requests to have a standard templates in 2018, and that issue is still opened. The most recent closed issue happened in December 2019. The community was very active in October 2019, and there's dead silence.

Other Contributions
---
After making my first contribution on Open Street Map, someone left me some questions and suggestions tions on how to improve and fix my changes. He suggested to refer to the department of buildings when resizing the building area, which is something that I didn't know before. By having someone commenting my changes makes me feel that I'm also a part of the community, and it gives me an opportunity to learn something new. He was super polite when raising his points. I also did fix my errors right away.