---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Comments on the Project Evaluation Activity

Project Evaluation Activity
---

I actually like and enjoy doing the project evaluation activity. My teammates, Caitlin and Elijah, are super friendly, helpful, and welcoming. We were in the same classes for a couple of semesters, yet we’ve never really talk to each other. This team activity allows me to start a conversation and network with them. 

The moment I look at the questions, I thought I won't be able to complete it on time because it requires lots of searching, reading, and writing. Reading and writing in a short amount of time is not my strength. Especially when reading something that is totally new to me requires perusing couple times. Same goes with writing, I have to phrase my sentences couple times in mind before writing them down. At this point, I'm still treating this activity as individual work, then I realized that I have teammates who are here to help me.

During the activity, Elijah is responsible for the forking, making branch, and creating files, while Caitlin and I are responsible for searching and answering questions on Google Docs. When I'm stuck on a specific instruction or a question, Caitlin is there to assist me with explaining them. When Caitlin and I need help with the development environment question, Elijah said he will take care of that part. Caitlyn is a fast writer, so she completes most of the questions before I get to them. It was a great experience working in a team where we're all helping each other out finishing the task.


Project
---
Among the projects that were listed in the wiki, I like [Gatsby](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/) the most. Gatsby has many clear instructions, links, suggestions, and tutorials that prepare new contributors to become a part of the community. The contributors can raise question or discussion as an issue, and others will respond very quickly by providing related links or images and follow-up questions. People in the community are welcoming and friendly. The maintainers are courteous by thanking almost every issue and pull request that were made. They also sent out invitations and gifts for those who contributed successfully.


Other Contributions
---
I made two contributions on Open Street Map this week: [Changeset 81514721](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81514721) (I added Mannings 8th Ave Pharmancy in Brooklyn) & [Changeset 81514271](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/81514271) (I added a sushi restaurant called Daizen in Brooklyn).