---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---


My skills and my interests

What skills do I have that would be useful for contributing to a FOSS project
---

- I have the desire and motivation to learn or study new materials. 
- I like to pay attention to the small details.
- I have strong organization skills.
- I can communicate, translate, and work with Chinese developers in an open source project.


What things are the most interesting to me? I.e., what do I enjoy doing?
---

- I’m interested in computers and marketing
- I’m interested in working on a project that can be used daily by myself
- I'm interested in designing games
- I enjoy learning things that are challenging and fun
- I enjoy playing mini games on my phone when I’m on the train

Additional Open Source Development Contribution
---

With lack of prior knowledge on open source, I watched a video called, *How to Contribute to Open Source Projects - Live example with the p5.js web editor*, on YouTube during my free time. It shows steps by steps on how to contribute to an open source project. In the beginning, the YouTuber gives suggestions on  how to find a desire and suitable project on Gitlab, then he demonstrates his whole thought process on looking at the issue tracker, trying to run the project on his local machine, finding new issues, and etc. After I made my first contribute to Open Street Map, I click on the history on its home page to see how other people edited the map and how they wrote their changeset comments.
